I need to make some crucial changes in the platform before the ones mentioned in the PRP, I want the inspection checklist to be replaced by this checklist - "/docs/Refurbished_Device_Inspection_Checklist.md" which should be replaced by one that is checked by the inspection engineer. Also The repair engineer (should be changed to L2 engineer) should see the same list with the things mentioned by the inspection engineer and also have the option of adding his own items. From there, if any major repair is needed like motherboard issues, domain locks, bios locks or power on issues, the relevant device should be sent to L3 engineer (new user role to be added), the panels that are needed to be painted should be sent to the paint engineer, display should be sent to be repaired if needed and battery should be sent to be boosted if needed to the relevant person. The QC should again see the inspection list and only when all the required items are ticked off, should the QC be able to pass - with the grade that the device is suitable for - A or B, otherwise it fails QC and comes back to L2 engineer. The simulataneous process can take place where different parts are being worked on by different people - for example - panels are sent to be painted, battery has been sent to be boosted, etc. 

Clarification- Seperate roles to be made for display repair and battery boosting. L2 engineer has the option to do it himself or assign it to the relevant professionals. Also, L2 engineer can send the panels to be painted, battery to be boosted, etc. and simultaneously work on his own repair work. Not every item needs to be sent to L3 engineer. It is the call if the L2 engineer to make. But when all the parts have come back and work has been done, he is the one to pass this to QC for checking. Also device should be associated with the specific L2 engineer that has worked on it for evaluation later.